Add projector resolution (#1337)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/guidelines.mdx

* Try not to cram too much on one slide. There are no hard and fast rules about how many slides to
  have in a talk, as long as the slides naturally flow with your spoken narrative and don’t overwhelm
  your audience with information.

> * The resolution of the projectors is 1920x1080px, so be mindful in case your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The resolution of the projectors is 1080p (1920 × 1080 pixels), so be mindful in case your
```

>   computer has a different one, or a 4k screen, so you can test that before.

Author: ```suggestion
  computer has a different one, like a 4k screen, so you can test that before.
```
